## Thought after watching CSS for Software Engineers for CSS Developers by Harry Roberts

### DRY && Single Source of Truth

One thing to notice is that DRY doesn't meant you should avoid repitition at all. It's important to avoid repetition in source code (like scss and other preprocesser). But it's fine to repeat yourself in the complied code. And that's also the application of single source of truth priciple.

DRY mean you should should abstract all common part from your code. Random repetition is fine, and it's better than the wrong abstraction.

### Seperation of Concerns

The point here is that your code should do one thing at a time, and do that well. So HTML and CSS should do their own part well. In your HTML.

So, in your CSS:

+ Shouldn't use `[role = "navigation"]`(Accessibility attribute) or `header nav`(DOM like selector) because it's hard to modify HTML without breaking your CSS code on that condition.
+ Also, you should use unique class name like `.js-nav` for JavaScript, instead of using CSS selector for DOM manipulation.


//pic here, with HTML and all concerns.

### Single Responsibility Principle

You can change one monolithic block of code like:

```
.button {
	display:inline-block;
	padding:2em;
	background-color:red;
}
```

to small pieces of code like:


```
.button {
	display:inline-block;
}
.button--large{
	padding:2em;
}
.button--warnning{
	background-color:red;
}
```

When building our own UI, we should notice that some UI component can be built with serval small components.

Like the button example, we can build all kinds of button using those component.



### Open/Close


### Links