## DOM properties vs attributes

### DOM properties

Because every DOM node is a object, so it has properties for sure. DOM properties refer to the properties of that DOM object.

### DOM attributes

`attributes` is actually one of the many DOM properties. `attributes` is repersented by `NamedNodeMap` data structure in DOM. It is the map between the attribute's name and the attribute DOM node itself. FYI, attributes on HTML element are parsed to construct attribute node. The `nodetype` of attribute node is 2.

### The reflection

The point here is most DOM properties just reflect the corresponding attribute's value in `Element.attributes`.

So when setting DOM properties using `node.properties`, the attribute's value inside  `Element.attributes` is updated according to certain rules, we'll get to that later. 

And vice versa. When setting DOM attributes using `node.setAttribute()`, the DOM properties is updated. And that's also where some of the inital value of DOM properties come from. 

While this fact stays true of the most of the time, we'll face some weird situation. Such as when you set `input.value`, the result of `input.getAttribute('value')` is still the defaultValue. That's beacuse the `value` in `Element.attributes` actually reflects the `defaultValue` property, not `value`.

And there is more, but that's all covered in spec. So if you're not afraid of getting your hands dirty, keep reading.

### OK, let's consult the spec

Beacuse DOM properties is just values in JavaScript, so technically it can be of any type in JavaScript. 

But attribute in `Element.attributes` is just a `DOMString`. So when these two convert, coerction happens.

The rules of reflection is in [here](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/infrastructure.html#reflecting-content-attributes-in-idl-attributes)

### Links

No links today, have fun!!
